= Anemone

The following paragraph prefaces the Anemone gem, developed by Chris Kite.
This repo is a fork of that gem. Why fork, you ask? His gem is very nice,
and makes crawling a simple task. To that, I concur. Unfortunately, the 
HTTP methods it uses are subject to SIGPIPE failures - nasty signals
that tear the crawler up internally, and while it does not necessarily "fail"
per say, it can hang the crawler and throw the program into a bastardized form of 
deadlock. While I hope that soon these changes will be incorporated and merged
into the project itself, I need to host my fork for the time being. As such,
feel free to use my fork. I promise that it is AT LEAST as good (if not better...
which I currently maintain that it is) than the anemone gem as it currently stands.

Happy crawling!


== PRE-FORK ANEMONE

Anemone is a web spider framework that can spider a domain and collect useful
information about the pages it visits. It is versatile, allowing you to
write your own specialized spider tasks quickly and easily.

See http://anemone.rubyforge.org for more information.

== Features
* Multi-threaded design for high performance
* Tracks 301 HTTP redirects
* Built-in BFS algorithm for determining page depth
* Allows exclusion of URLs based on regular expressions
* Choose the links to follow on each page with focus_crawl()
* HTTPS support
* Records response time for each page
* CLI program can list all pages in a domain, calculate page depths, and more
* Obey robots.txt
* In-memory or persistent storage of pages during crawl, using TokyoCabinet, MongoDB, or Redis

== Examples
See the scripts under the <tt>lib/anemone/cli</tt> directory for examples of several useful Anemone tasks.

== Requirements
* nokogiri
* robots

== Development
To test and develop this gem, additional requirements are:
* rspec
* fakeweb
* tokyocabinet
* mongo
* redis

You will need to have {Tokyo Cabinet}[http://fallabs.com/tokyocabinet/], {MongoDB}[http://www.mongodb.org/], and {Redis}[http://code.google.com/p/redis/] installed on your system and running.
